# Restart From Previous Run

This page explains how to **restart** a [Job](../../jobs/overview.md) from the **results of a previous calculation**. 
 
## Restart File Operations

When a job is added as a parent in this way, some directories and files are copied/linked to the new [job working directory](../../jobs-cli/batch-scripts/directories.md#working-directory). For example, for the case of the [Quantum ESPRESSO](../../software-directory/modeling/quantum-espresso/overview.md) modeling engine, we create a link to the parent working directory to restart the calculation from the last checkpoint. Alternatively, for the case of [VASP](../../software-directory/modeling/vasp/overview.md), we copy the output CONTCAR file generated by the parent job as an input POSCAR structure file to restart from the last ionic step.

## Example of Restart Application
 
In the present tutorial we will, by way of an example, make use of the "restart" functionality to feed the wavefunction data obtained in a self-consistent field (SCF) [Total Energy](../../properties-directory/scalar/total-energy.md) computation to the subsequent non-self consistent (NSCF) step in an electronic band structure calculation, which is reviewed in a [separate tutorial](../dft/electronic/band-structure.md).

Restarting and linking the two Jobs in this way allows the band structure to be computed without having to recalculate the charge density and wavefunctions through an SCF calculation a second time, with the consequent gain in computational time. The results of such  SCF Job can thus be re-utilized as starting point for multiple other calculations that require such preliminary results.

## Select Parent Job

Within [Job Designer](../../jobs-designer/overview.md), Job restarting is accomplished via the ["Select Parent" Option](../../jobs-designer/actions-header-menu/select-parent.md) under the main [header menu](../../jobs-designer/header-menu.md) of the interface. 

The user should first create a new [Job](../../jobs/overview.md), with the NSCF component [unit](../../workflows/components/units.md) of a band structure calculation present on its own in the main [workflow](../../workflows/overview.md). The same instructions as in the [original tutorial](../dft/electronic/band-structure.md#create-job) should be followed to [select and insert](../../jobs-designer/actions-header-menu/select-workflow.md) such a Workflow into the new [Job being designed](../../jobs-designer/overview.md). 

The next steps consist in finding the previously-run SCF job via the aforementioned ["Select Parent" option](../../jobs-designer/actions-header-menu#select-parent-job), and in selecting that job in order to prepend its results as a restart precursor to the new NSCF job being created.  

## Submit Job

The same instructions for submitting and executing the restart Job as in the main band structure [tutorial](../dft/electronic/band-structure.md#submit-job) can be followed.

## Animation

In the following animation, we demonstrate the above-mentioned steps involved in restarting an NSCF electronic band structure computation, performed on silicon, based upon the preliminary results of a previously-run SCF calculation. We shall make use of the [Quantum ESPRESSO](../../software-directory/modeling/quantum-espresso/overview.md) simulation engine in the present example, however the same procedure and outcome should be of general applicability. 

<div class="video-wrapper">
<iframe class="gifffer" width="100%" height="100%" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/3P-ETsxj81I" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture" allowfullscreen></iframe>
</div>
